Make OCSP entirely optional (#252)
letsencrypt/cp-cps: CP-CPS.md

### 4.10.1 Operational characteristics

> Revocation entries on a CRL are not removed until after the Expiry Date of the revoked Certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revocation entries on a CRL are not removed until they have appeared in at least one CRL issued after the NotAfter date of the revoked Certificate.
```
